INTRODUCTION TO HTTP:
  HTTP - hypertext transfer protocol, in general, communication between web clients and web servers happens in 
  (worldwideweb).so the communication between client computers and web servers is done by sending HTTP requests and 
  HTTP responses.

  HTTP1.1 VERSUS HTTP2
   HTTP-1.1
     1)It is slower than HTTP2
     2)It was created in 1997, so it went througth several stages of developement, this HTTP1.1 is still 
     in use on the web.
     3)HTTP1.1 which keeps all requests and responses in plain text format.
     4)HTTP1.1 as of plain text format uses verbs, methods and headers.
     5)it use GET and POST methods.
     6) In general,the first response that a client receives on an HTTP GET request is often not the fully rendered page. 
        Instead, it contains links to additional resources needed by the requested page. inorder to overcome this
        problem, HTTP/1.1 uses persistent connections and pipelining technique.
     7) it doesnt use prioritization technique.
     8)HTTP/1.1 relies on the transport layer to avoid buffer overflow, each new TCP connection requires a separate flow 
     control mechanism.
     9)In HTTP/1.1, if the developer knows in advance which additional resources the client machine will need to 
     render the page, they can use a technique called resource inlining to include the required resource directly 
     within the HTML document that the server sends in response to the initial GET request.
     


  HTTP-2 
   1)It is faster and more efficient than HTTP1.1.
   2)It was created in 2015, and HTTP2 is new version of HTTP1.1, hence HTTP2 solves several problem 
   that the creates of HTTP1.1 did not anticipate.
   3)HTTP-2 uses the binary forming layer, which is the part of the application layer in internet protocol stack.
   4)HTTP-2 uses the binary forming layer, which encapsule all message in binary format.
   5)HTTP-2 uses GET and POST methods.
   6)HTTP/1.1, which must make use of multiple TCP connections to reduce the effect of head of line blocking.
     inorder to overcome this problem HTTP2 uses HTTP/2 establishes a single connection object between the 
     two machines. within this connection there are multiple streams of data. Each stream consists of multiple 
     messages in the familiar request/response format. Finally, each of these messages split into smaller units 
     called frames.
   7)HTTP/2 began as the SPDY protocol, developed primarily at Google with the intention of reducing web 
      page load latency by using techniques such as compression, multiplexing, and prioritization.
   8) HTTP/2, however, multiplexes streams within a single TCP connection, and will have to implement flow 
      control in a different manner.   
   9)Since HTTP/2 enables multiple concurrent responses to a client’s initial GET request, a server can send a 
     resource to a client along with the requested HTML page, providing the resource before the client 
     asks for it. This process is called server push.
   
